add 7.1.3 release notes (#15674)
pingcap/docs: releases/release-7.1.3.md

- TiCDC Changefeed introduces the following new configuration items:
    - [`encoding-worker-num`](/ticdc/ticdc-changefeed-config.md) and [`flush-worker-num`](/ticdc/ticdc-changefeed-config.md): enable you to set different concurrency parameters for the redo module based on specifications of different machines [#10048](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10048) @[CharlesCheung96](https://github.com/CharlesCheung96)
    - [`compression`](/ticdc/ticdc-changefeed-config.md): enables you to configure the compression behavior of redo log files [#10176](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10176) @[sdojjy](https://github.com/sdojjy)
    - [`sink.cloud-storage-config`](/ticdc/ticdc-changefeed-config.md): enables you to set the automatic cleanup of historical data when replicating data to object storage [#10109](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10109) @[CharlesCheung96](https://github.com/CharlesCheung96)

## Improvements

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

> ---

Author: preview: https://pingcap-docs-website-scaffold-git-release-notes-713-ran-huang.vercel.app/tidb/stable/release-7.1.3

- TiCDC Changefeed introduces the following new configuration items:
    - [`encoding-worker-num`](/ticdc/ticdc-changefeed-config.md) and [`flush-worker-num`](/ticdc/ticdc-changefeed-config.md): enable you to set different concurrency parameters for the redo module based on specifications of different machines [#10048](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10048) @[CharlesCheung96](https://github.com/CharlesCheung96)
    - [`compression`](/ticdc/ticdc-changefeed-config.md): enables you to configure the compression behavior of redo log files [#10176](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10176) @[sdojjy](https://github.com/sdojjy)
    - [`sink.cloud-storage-config`](/ticdc/ticdc-changefeed-config.md): enables you to set the automatic cleanup of historical data when replicating data to object storage [#10109](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10109) @[CharlesCheung96](https://github.com/CharlesCheung96)

## Improvements

> + TiKV
> 
>     - Add the `Max gap of safe-ts` and `Min safe ts region` metrics and introduce the `tikv-ctl get-region-read-progress` command to better observe and diagnose the status of resolved-ts and safe-ts [#15082](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/15082) @[ekexium](https://github.com/ekexium)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
duplicated with v7.1.2

        - During restoring a snapshot backup, BR retries when it encounters certain network errors [#48528](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/48528) @[Leavrth](https://github.com/Leavrth)
        - Support the [`FLASHBACK CLUSTER TO TSO`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v7.1/sql-statement-flashback-cluster) syntax [#48372](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/48372) @[BornChanger](https://github.com/BornChanger)
        - Introduce a new integration test for Point-In-Time Recovery (PITR) in the `delete range` scenario, enhancing PITR stability  [#47738](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/47738) @[Leavrth](https://github.com/Leavrth)

    + TiCDC

        - Optimize the memory consumption when TiCDC nodes replicate data to TiDB [#9935](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/9935) @[3AceShowHand](https://github.com/3AceShowHand)
        - Optimize some alarm rules [#9266](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/9266) @[asddongmen](https://github.com/asddongmen)

>         - Optimize the performance of redo log, including parallel writing data to S3 and adopting lz4 compression algorithm [#10176](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10176)[#10226](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10226) @[sdojjy](https://github.com/sdojjy)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Optimize the performance of redo log, including parallel writing data to S3 and adopting lz4 compression algorithm [#10176](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10176) [#10226](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10226) @[sdojjy](https://github.com/sdojjy)
```

>         - Optimize the performance of redo log, including parallel writing data to S3 and adopting lz4 compression algorithm [#10176](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10176)[#10226](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10226) @[sdojjy](https://github.com/sdojjy)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        - Optimize the performance of redo log, including parallel writing data to S3 and adopting lz4 compression algorithm [#10176](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10176) [#10226](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10226) @[sdojjy](https://github.com/sdojjy)
```

+ TiKV

    - Fix the issue that if TiKV runs extremely slowly, it might panic after Region merge [#16111](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/16111) @[overvenus](https://github.com/overvenus)
    - Fix the issue that Resolved TS might be blocked for two hours [#15520](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/15520) @[overvenus](https://github.com/overvenus)
    - Fix the issue that TiKV reports the `ServerIsBusy` error because it can not append the raft log [#15800](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/15800) @[tonyxuqqi](https://github.com/tonyxuqqi)
    - Fix the issue that snapshot restore might get stuck when BR crashes [#15684](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/15684) @[YuJuncen](https://github.com/YuJuncen)
    - Fix the issue that Resolved TS in stale read might cause TiKV OOM issues when tracking large transactions [#14864](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/14864) @[overvenus](https://github.com/overvenus)
    - Fix the issue that damaged SST files might be spreaded to other TiKV nodes [#15986](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/15986) @[Connor1996](https://github.com/Connor1996)

>     - Fix the issue that resolved-ts might be blocked for 2 hours [#39130](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/39130) @[overvenus](https://github.com/overvenus)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

    - Fix the issue that the Calibrate by Workload page reports an error [#48162](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/48162) @[CabinfeverB](https://github.com/CabinfeverB)
    - Fix the issue that deleting a resource group can damage DDL atomicity [#45050](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/45050) @[glorv](https://github.com/glorv)
    - Fix the issue that when PD leader is transferred and there is a network partition between the new leader and the PD client, the PD client fails to update the information of the leader [#7416](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/7416) @[CabinfeverB](https://github.com/CabinfeverB)
    - Fix the issue that adding multiple TiKV nodes to a large cluster might cause TiKV heartbeat reporting to become slow or stuck [#7248](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/7248) @[rleungx](https://github.com/rleungx)
    - Fix the issue that TiDB Dashboard cannot read PD `trace` data correctly [#7253](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/7253) @[nolouch](https://github.com/nolouch)

>     - Upgrade the version of Gin Web Framework from v1.8.1 to v1.9.1 to fix some security issues [#7438](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/7438) @[niubell](https://github.com/niubell)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - Fix some security issues by upgrading the version of Gin Web Framework from v1.8.1 to v1.9.1 [#7438](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/7438) @[niubell](https://github.com/niubell)
```

    - Fix incorrect display of maximum percentile time for some panels in Grafana [#8076](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/8076) @[JaySon-Huang](https://github.com/JaySon-Huang)
    - Fix the issue that a query returns the unexpected error message "Block schema mismatch in FineGrainedShuffleWriter-V1" [#8111](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/8111) @[SeaRise](https://github.com/SeaRise)

+ Tools

    + Backup & Restore (BR)

        - Fix the issue that the default values for BR SQL commands and CLI are different, which might cause OOM issues [#48000](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/48000) @[YuJuncen](https://github.com/YuJuncen)
        - Fix the issue that the log backup might get stuck in some scenarios when backing up large wide tables [#15714](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/15714) @[YuJuncen](https://github.com/YuJuncen)
        - Fix the issue that BR generates incorrect URIs for external storage files [#48452](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/48452) @[3AceShowHand](https://github.com/3AceShowHand)

>         - Fix the issue that the retry after an EC2 metadata connection reset cause degraded backup and restore performance [#46750](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/47650) @[Leavrth](https://github.com/Leavrth)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        - Fix the issue that the retry after an EC2 metadata connection reset causes degraded backup and restore performance [#46750](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/47650) @[Leavrth](https://github.com/Leavrth)
```

        - Fix the issue that the log backup task can start but does not work properly if failing to connect to PD during task initialization [#16056](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/16056) @[YuJuncen](https://github.com/YuJuncen)

    + TiCDC

        - Fix the issue that the `WHERE` clause does not use the primary key as a condition when replicating `DELETE` statements in certain scenarios [#9812](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/9812) @[asddongmen](https://github.com/asddongmen)

>         - Fix the issue of the long interval between replicating DDL statements after enabling the redo log feature [#9960](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/9960) @[CharlesCheung96](https://github.com/CharlesCheung96)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: duplicated with L152

>         - Fix the issue that replication tasks get stuck in certain special scenarios when replicating data to object storage [#10041](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10041)[#10044](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10044) @[CharlesCheung96](https://github.com/CharlesCheung96)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        - Fix the issue that replication tasks get stuck in certain special scenarios when replicating data to object storage [#10041](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10041) [#10044](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10044) @[CharlesCheung96](https://github.com/CharlesCheung96)
```

    - Fix the issue that TiDB server might consume a significant amount of resources when the enterprise plugin for audit logging is used [#49273](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/49273) @[lcwangchao](https://github.com/lcwangchao)
    - Fix the issue that TiDB server might panic during graceful shutdown [#36793](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/36793) @[bb7133](https://github.com/bb7133)
    - Fix the issue that tables with `AUTO_ID_CACHE=1` might lead to gRPC client leaks when there are a large number of tables [#48869](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/48869) @[tiancaiamao](https://github.com/tiancaiamao)
    - Fix the incorrect error message for `ErrLoadDataInvalidURI` (invalid S3 URI error) [#48164](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/48164) @[lance6716](https://github.com/lance6716)
    - Fix the issue that executing `ALTER TABLE ... LAST PARTITION` fails when the partition column type is `DATETIME` [#48814](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/48814) @[crazycs520](https://github.com/crazycs520)

>     - Fix the issue that the actual error message during `IMPORT INTO` execution might be overridden by other error messages [#47992](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/47992)，[#47781](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/47781) @[D3Hunter](https://github.com/D3Hunter)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that the actual error message during `IMPORT INTO` execution might be overridden by other error messages [#47992](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/47992) [#47781](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/47781) @[D3Hunter](https://github.com/D3Hunter)
```

    - (dup): release-6.5.6.md > Bug fixes> TiDB - Fix the issue of possible syntax error when a common table expression (CTE) containing aggregate or window functions is referenced by other recursive CTEs [#47603](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/47603) [#47711](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/47711)  @[elsa0520](https://github.com/elsa0520)
    - (dup): release-6.5.6.md > Bug fixes> TiDB - Fix the panic issue that might occur when constructing TopN structure for statistics [#35948](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/35948) @[hi-rustin](https://github.com/hi-rustin)
    - (dup): release-6.5.6.md > Bug fixes> TiDB - Fix the issue that the result of `COUNT(INT)` calculated by MPP might be incorrect [#48643](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/48643) @[AilinKid](https://github.com/AilinKid)
    - (dup): release-7.5.0.md > Bug fixes> TiDB - Fix the issue that the chunk cannot be reused when the HashJoin operator performs probe [#48082](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/48082) @[wshwsh12](https://github.com/wshwsh12)

+ TiKV <!-- **tw:@hfxsd** 4 -->

>     - Fix the issue that if TiKV runs extremely slow, it might panic after Region merge [#16111](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/16111) @[overvenus](https://github.com/overvenus)

Author: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that if TiKV runs extremely slowly, it might panic after Region merge [#16111](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/16111) @[overvenus](https://github.com/overvenus)
```

        - (dup): release-6.5.6.md > Improvements> Tools> Backup & Restore (BR) - Support the [`FLASHBACK CLUSTER TO TSO`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v7.1/sql-statement-flashback-cluster) syntax [#48372](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/48372) @[BornChanger](https://github.com/BornChanger)
        - (dup): release-6.5.6.md > Improvements> Tools> Backup & Restore (BR) - Introduce a new integration test for Point-In-Time Recovery (PITR) in the `delete range` scenario, enhancing PITR stability  [#47738](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/47738) @[Leavrth](https://github.com/Leavrth)

    + TiCDC <!-- **tw:@ran-huang** 5 -->

        - Optimize the memory consumption when TiCDC nodes replicate data to TiDB [#9935](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/9935) @[3AceShowHand](https://github.com/3AceShowHand)
        - Optimize some alarm rules [#9266](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/9266) @[asddongmen](https://github.com/asddongmen)

>         - Optimize the performance of redo log, including parallel writing data to S3 and adopting compression algorithm [#10176](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10176)[#10226](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10226) @[sdojjy](https://github.com/sdojjy)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
        - Optimize the performance of redo log, including parallel writing data to S3 and adopting lz4 compression algorithm [#10176](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10176)[#10226](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10226) @[sdojjy](https://github.com/sdojjy)
```

    - (dup): release-6.5.6.md > Bug fixes> PD - Fix the issue that it takes a long time to switch the leader in DR Auto-Sync mode [#6988](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/6988) @[HuSharp](https://github.com/HuSharp)

+ TiFlash <!-- **tw:@ran-huang** 4 -->

    - (dup): release-6.5.6.md > Bug fixes> TiFlash - Fix the issue that executing the `ALTER TABLE ... EXCHANGE PARTITION ...` statement causes panic [#8372](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/8372) @[JaySon-Huang](https://github.com/JaySon-Huang)
    - Fix the issue of memory leak when TiFlash encounters memory limitation during query [#8447](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/8447) @[JinheLin](https://github.com/JinheLin)
    - Fix the issue that data of TiFlash replicas would still be garbage collected after executing `FLASHBACK DATABASE` [#8450](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/8450) @[JaySon-Huang](https://github.com/JaySon-Huang)
    - Fix incorrect display of maximum percentile time for some panels in Grafana [#8076](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/8076) @[JaySon-Huang](https://github.com/JaySon-Huang)

>     - Fix the issue that a query returns the unexpected error message "Block schema mismatch in FineGrainedShuffleWriter-V1" [#8111](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/8111}) @[SeaRise](https://github.com/SeaRise)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that a query returns the unexpected error message "Block schema mismatch in FineGrainedShuffleWriter-V1" [#8111](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/8111) @[SeaRise](https://github.com/SeaRise)
```

        - (dup): release-6.5.6.md > Bug fixes> Tools> Backup & Restore (BR) - Fix the issue that BR generates incorrect URIs for external storage files [#48452](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/48452) @[3AceShowHand](https://github.com/3AceShowHand)
        - (dup): release-6.5.6.md > Bug fixes> Tools> Backup & Restore (BR) - Fix the issue that the retry after an EC2 metadata connection reset cause degraded backup and restore performance [#46750](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/47650) @[Leavrth](https://github.com/Leavrth)
        - Fix the issue that the log backup task can start but does not work properly if failing to connect to PD during task initialization [#16056](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/16056) @[YuJuncen](https://github.com/YuJuncen)

    + TiCDC <!-- **tw:@ran-huang** 6 -->

        - Fix the issue that the `WHERE` clause does not use the primary key as a condition when replicating `DELETE` statements in certain scenarios [#9812](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/9812) @[asddongmen](https://github.com/asddongmen)

>         - Fixed the issue of the long interval between replicating DDL statements after enabling the redo log feature [#9960](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/9960) @[CharlesCheung96](https://github.com/CharlesCheung96)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
        - Fix the issue of the long interval between replicating DDL statements after enabling the redo log feature [#9960](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/9960) @[CharlesCheung96](https://github.com/CharlesCheung96)
```

>         - Fix the issue that DML cannot be correctly replicated after deleting or creating tables with the same name in BDR mode [#10079](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10079) @[asddongmen](https://github.com/asddongmen)

Reviewer 3: L177 已经有了
```suggestion
```

        - Fix the issue that replication tasks get stuck in certain special scenarios when replicating data to object storage [#10041](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10041)[#10044](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10044) @[CharlesCheung96](https://github.com/CharlesCheung96)
        - Fix the issue that replication tasks get stuck in certain special scenarios after enabling sync-point and redo log [#10091](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10091) @[CharlesCheung96](https://github.com/CharlesCheung96)

>         - Fix the issue that TiCDC mistakenly close the connection with TiKV in certain special scenarios  [#10239](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10239) @[hicqu](https://github.com/hicqu)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
        - Fix the issue that TiCDC mistakenly closes the connection with TiKV in certain special scenarios [#10239](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10239) @[hicqu](https://github.com/hicqu)
```

- (dup): release-6.5.6.md > Compatibility changes> - TiCDC Changefeed introduces the following new configuration items:
    - [`encoding-worker-num`](/ticdc/ticdc-changefeed-config.md) and [`flush-worker-num`](/ticdc/ticdc-changefeed-config.md): enable you to set different concurrency parameters for the redo module based on specifications of different machines [#10048](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10048) @[CharlesCheung96](https://github.com/CharlesCheung96)
    - [`compression`](/ticdc/ticdc-changefeed-config.md): enables you to configure the compression behavior of redo log files [#10176](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10176) @[sdojjy](https://github.com/sdojjy)
    - [`sink.cloud-storage-config`](/ticdc/ticdc-changefeed-config.md): enables you to set the automatic cleanup of historical data when replicating data to object storage [#10109](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10109) @[CharlesCheung96](https://github.com/CharlesCheung96)

## Improvements

+ TiDB <!-- **tw:@oreoxmt** 2 -->

>     - When a non-binary collation is set and the query condition includes `LIKE`, the optimizer generates an `IndexRangeScan` to improve the execution efficiency [#48181](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/48181) @[time-and-fate](https://github.com/time-and-fate)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    - Fix the OOM issue that might occur when TiDB performs garbage collection on the `stats_history` table [#48431](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/48431) @[hawkingrei](https://github.com/hawkingrei)
    <!-- **tw:@qiancai** 12 -->
    - Fix the issue that the same query plan has different `PLAN_DIGEST` values in some cases [#47634](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/47634) @[King-Dylan](https://github.com/King-Dylan)
    - Fix the issue that `GenJSONTableFromStats` cannot be killed when it consumes a large amount of memory [#47779](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/47779) @[hawkingrei](https://github.com/hawkingrei)
    - (dup): release-6.5.6.md > Bug fixes> TiDB - Fix the issue that the result might be incorrect when predicates are pushed down to common table expressions [#47881](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/47881) @[winoros](https://github.com/winoros)
    - (dup): release-6.5.6.md > Bug fixes> TiDB - Fix the issue that `Duplicate entry` might occur when `AUTO_ID_CACHE=1` is set [#46444](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/46444) @[tiancaiamao](https://github.com/tiancaiamao)

>     - Fix the issue that TiDB server might consume a significant amount of resources when enterprise plugins for audit logging are used [#49273](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/49273) @[lcwangchao](https://github.com/lcwangchao)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that TiDB server might consume a significant amount of resources when the enterprise plugin for audit logging is used [#49273](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/49273) @[lcwangchao](https://github.com/lcwangchao)
```

>     - Fix the problem that TiDB server might panic during graceful shutdown [#36793](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/36793) @[bb7133](https://github.com/bb7133)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that TiDB server might panic during graceful shutdown [#36793](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/36793) @[bb7133](https://github.com/bb7133)
```

>     - Fix the issue that gRPC client might leak when DM imports a large number of tables with `AUTO_ID_CACHE=1` [#48869](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/48869) @[tiancaiamao](https://github.com/tiancaiamao)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue tables with `AUTO_ID_CACHE=1` might cause gRPC client leaks when there are a large number of tables [#48869](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/48869) @[tiancaiamao](https://github.com/tiancaiamao)
```

>     - Fix the issue tables with `AUTO_ID_CACHE=1` might lead to gRPC client leaks when there are a large number of tables [#48869](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/48869) @[tiancaiamao](https://github.com/tiancaiamao)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that tables with `AUTO_ID_CACHE=1` might lead to gRPC client leaks when there are a large number of tables [#48869](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/48869) @[tiancaiamao](https://github.com/tiancaiamao)
```

- (dup): release-6.5.6.md > Compatibility changes> TiCDC Changefeed introduces the following new configuration items: - [`encoding-worker-num`](/ticdc/ticdc-changefeed-config.md) and [`flush-worker-num`](/ticdc/ticdc-changefeed-config.md): enable you to set different concurrency parameters for the redo module based on specifications of different machines [#10048](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10048) @[CharlesCheung96](https://github.com/CharlesCheung96)
- (dup): release-6.5.6.md > Compatibility changes> TiCDC Changefeed introduces the following new configuration items: - [`sink.cloud-storage-config`](/ticdc/ticdc-changefeed-config.md): enables you to set the automatic cleanup of historical data when replicating data to object storage [#10109](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10109) @[CharlesCheung96](https://github.com/CharlesCheung96)
- 将自动支持平滑升级功能修改成通过 `/upgrade/start` 和 `upgrade/finish` HTTP 接口支持此功能 @[zimulala](https://github.com/zimulala)

## Improvements

+ TiDB <!-- **tw:@oreoxmt** 2 -->

>     - When a collation is enabled and the query condition includes `LIKE`, the optimizer generates an IndexRangeScan to improve the execution efficiency [#48181](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/48181) @[time-and-fate](https://github.com/time-and-fate)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - When a non-binary collation is set and the query condition includes `LIKE`, the optimizer generates an IndexRangeScan to improve the execution efficiency [#48181](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/48181) @[time-and-fate](https://github.com/time-and-fate)
```

        - (dup): release-7.5.0.md > Improvements> Tools> Backup & Restore (BR) - During restoring a snapshot backup, BR retries when it encounters certain network errors [#48528](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/48528) @[Leavrth](https://github.com/Leavrth)
        - (dup): release-6.5.6.md > Improvements> Tools> Backup & Restore (BR) - Support the [`FLASHBACK CLUSTER TO TSO`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v6.5/sql-statement-flashback-cluster) syntax [#48372](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/48372) @[BornChanger](https://github.com/BornChanger)
        - (dup): release-6.5.6.md > Improvements> Tools> Backup & Restore (BR) - Introduce a new integration test for Point-In-Time Recovery (PITR) in the `delete range` scenario, enhancing PITR stability  [#47738](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/47738) @[Leavrth](https://github.com/Leavrth)

    + TiCDC <!-- **tw:@ran-huang** 5 -->

>         - 优化同步到 tidb 场景下 CDC 节点的内存消耗 [#9935](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/9935)
>         - 优化部分报警规则 [#9266](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/9266)
>         - 优化了 Redo log 的相关性能，如并行写 S3 和采用压缩的模式。[#10176](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10176)[#10226](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10226)
>         - 通过增加并行的方式优化了 CDC 同步到对象存储的性能[#10098](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10098)

Author: ```suggestion
        - Optimize the memory consumption when TiCDC nodes replicate data to TiDB [#9935](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/9935) @[3AceShowHand](https://github.com/3AceShowHand)
        - Optimize some alarm rules [#9266](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/9266) @[asddongmen](https://github.com/asddongmen)
        - Optimize the performance of redo log, including parallel writing data to S3 and adopting compression algorithm [#10176](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10176)[#10226](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10226) @[sdojjy](https://github.com/sdojjy)
        - Improve the performance of TiCDC replicating data to object storage by increasing parallelism [#10098](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10098) @[CharlesCheung96](https://github.com/CharlesCheung96)
```

    - (dup): release-7.5.0.md > Bug fixes> TiDB - Fix the issue that the chunk cannot be reused when the HashJoin operator performs probe [#48082](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/48082) @[wshwsh12](https://github.com/wshwsh12)

+ TiKV <!-- **tw:@hfxsd** 4 -->

    - Fix the issue that if TiKV runs extremely slow, it might panic after Region merge [#16111](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/16111) @[overvenus](https://github.com/overvenus)
    - Fix the issue that Resolved TS might be blocked for two hours [#15520](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/15520) @[overvenus](https://github.com/overvenus)
    - Fix the issue that TiKV reports the `ServerIsBusy` error because it can not append the raft log [#15800](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/15800) @[tonyxuqqi](https://github.com/tonyxuqqi)
    - Fix the issue that snapshot restore might get stuck when BR crashes [#15684](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/15684) @[YuJuncen](https://github.com/YuJuncen)
    - Fix the issue that Resolved TS in stale read might cause TiKV OOM issues when tracking large transactions [#14864](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/14864) @[overvenus](https://github.com/overvenus)

>     - Fix the issue that damaged SST files might be spreaded to other TiKV [#15986](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/15986) @[Connor1996](https://github.com/Connor1996)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that damaged SST files might be spreaded to other TiKV nodes [#15986](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/15986) @[Connor1996](https://github.com/Connor1996)
```

>     - Fix the issue that TiKV might panic when a cluster blocks CRC mismatches [#15986](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/15986) @[Connor1996](https://github.com/Connor1996)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that damaged SSTs might be spreaded to other TiKV [#15986](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/15986) @[Connor1996](https://github.com/Connor1996)
```

    - (dup): release-6.5.6.md > Bug fixes> PD - Upgrade the version of Gin Web Framework from v1.8.1 to v1.9.1 to fix some security issues [#7438](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/7438) @[niubell](https://github.com/niubell)
    - (dup): release-7.5.0.md > Bug fixes> PD - Fix the issue that the rule checker does not add Learners according to the configuration of Placement Rules [#7185](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/7185) @[nolouch](https://github.com/nolouch)
    - (dup): release-7.5.0.md > Bug fixes> PD - Fix the issue that PD might delete normal Peers when TiKV nodes are unavailable [#7249](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/7249) @[lhy1024](https://github.com/lhy1024)
    - (dup): release-6.5.6.md > Bug fixes> PD - Fix the issue that it takes a long time to switch the leader in DR Auto-Sync mode [#6988](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/6988) @[HuSharp](https://github.com/HuSharp)

+ TiFlash <!-- **tw:@ran-huang** 4 -->

    - (dup): release-6.5.6.md > Bug fixes> TiFlash - Fix the issue that executing the `ALTER TABLE ... EXCHANGE PARTITION ...` statement causes panic [#8372](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/8372) @[JaySon-Huang](https://github.com/JaySon-Huang)

>     - 修复当查询遇到 memory limit 限制后发生内存泄漏的问题 [#8447](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/8447) @[JinheLin](https://github.com/JinheLin)
>     - 修复在执行 `FLASHBACK DATABASE` 后 TiFlash 副本的数据仍会被 GC 回收的问题 [#8450](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/8450) @[JaySon-Huang](https://github.com/JaySon-Huang)
>     - 修复 Grafana 中部分面板的最大分位数耗时显示不正确的问题 [#8076](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/8076) @[JaySon-Huang](https://github.com/JaySon-Huang)
>     - 修复查询非预期报错 `Block schema mismatch in FineGrainedShuffleWriter-V1` 的问题 [#8111](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/8111}) @[SeaRise](https://github.com/SeaRise)

Author: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue of memory leak when TiFlash encounters memory limitation during query [#8447](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/8447) @[JinheLin](https://github.com/JinheLin)
    - Fix the issue that data of TiFlash replicas would still be garbage collected after executing `FLASHBACK DATABASE` [#8450](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/8450) @[JaySon-Huang](https://github.com/JaySon-Huang)
    - Fix incorrect display of maximum percentile time for some panels in Grafana [#8076](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/8076) @[JaySon-Huang](https://github.com/JaySon-Huang)
    - Fix the issue that a query returns the unexpected error message "Block schema mismatch in FineGrainedShuffleWriter-V1" [#8111](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflash/issues/8111}) @[SeaRise](https://github.com/SeaRise)
```

        - (dup): release-7.5.0.md > Bug fixes> Tools> Backup & Restore (BR) - Fix the issue that the log backup might get stuck in some scenarios when backing up large wide tables [#15714](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/15714) @[YuJuncen](https://github.com/YuJuncen)
        - (dup): release-6.5.6.md > Bug fixes> Tools> Backup & Restore (BR) - Fix the issue that BR generates incorrect URIs for external storage files [#48452](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/48452) @[3AceShowHand](https://github.com/3AceShowHand)
        - (dup): release-6.5.6.md > Bug fixes> Tools> Backup & Restore (BR) - Fix the issue that the retry after an EC2 metadata connection reset cause degraded backup and restore performance [#46750](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/47650) @[Leavrth](https://github.com/Leavrth)
        - Fix the issue that the log backup task can start but does not work properly if failing to connect to PD during task initialization [#16056](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/16056) @[YuJuncen](https://github.com/YuJuncen)

    + TiCDC <!-- **tw:@ran-huang** 6 -->

>         - 修复了在同步 delete 语句时某些场景下 where 条件没有采用主键作为条件的问题 [#9812](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/9812)
>         - 修复 Redo log 功能开启时，同步 DDL 语句间隔时间较长的问题 [#9960](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/9960)
>         - 修复在 BDR 模式时，delete & create 同名的 table 后，DML 不能正确同步的问题  [#10079](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10079)
>         - 修复同步到对象存储时，某些特殊场景到值同步任务卡住的问题 [#10041](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10041)[#10044](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10044)
>         - 修复在开启 sync-point & redo log 时在某些特殊场景下 ，同步任务卡住的问题 [#10091](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10091)
>         - 修复了在某些特殊场景下，CDC 关闭与 tikv 的断开链接处理方式。[#10239](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10239)

Author: ```suggestion
        - Fix the issue that the `WHERE` clause does not use the primary key as a condition when replicating `DELETE` statements in certain scenarios [#9812](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/9812) @[asddongmen](https://github.com/asddongmen)
        - Fixed the issue of the long interval between replicating DDL statements after enabling the redo log feature [#9960](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/9960) @[CharlesCheung96](https://github.com/CharlesCheung96)
        - Fix the issue that DML cannot be correctly replicated after deleting or creating tables with the same name in BDR mode [#10079](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10079) @[asddongmen](https://github.com/asddongmen)
        - Fix the issue that replication tasks get stuck in certain special scenarios when replicating data to object storage [#10041](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10041)[#10044](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10044) @[CharlesCheung96](https://github.com/CharlesCheung96)
        - Fix the issue that replication tasks get stuck in certain special scenarios after enabling sync-point and redo log [#10091](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10091) @[CharlesCheung96](https://github.com/CharlesCheung96)
        - Fix the issue that TiCDC mistakenly close the connection with TiKV in certain special scenarios  [#10239](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10239) @[hicqu](https://github.com/hicqu)
```

    + TiCDC <!-- **tw:@ran-huang** 5 -->

        - 优化同步到 tidb 场景下 CDC 节点的内存消耗 [#9935](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/9935)
        - 优化部分报警规则 [#9266](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/9266)
        - 优化了 Redo log 的相关性能，如并行写 S3 和采用压缩的模式。[#10176](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10176)[#10226](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10226)
        - 通过增加并行的方式优化了 CDC 同步到对象存储的性能[#10098](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10098)
        - (dup): release-6.5.6.md > Improvements> Tools> TiCDC - Reduce the impact of TiCDC incremental scanning on upstream TiKV [#11390](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/11390) @[hicqu](https://github.com/hicqu)
        - (dup): release-6.5.6.md > Improvements> Tools> TiCDC - Support making TiCDC Canal-JSON content format [compatible with the content format of the official Canal output](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v6.5/ticdc-canal-json#compatibility-with-the-official-canal) by setting `content-compatible=true` in the `sink-uri` configuration [#10106](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10106) @[3AceShowHand](https://github.com/3AceShowHand)

    + TiDB Data Migration (DM)

        - (none)

>     + TiDB Lightning
> 
> - (none)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    + TiDB Lightning

        - Add a retry for `GetTS` failure due to PD leader change [#45301](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/45301) @[lance6716](https://github.com/lance6716)
```

    - (dup): release-6.5.6.md > Bug fixes> TiDB - Fix the issue of possible syntax error when a common table expression (CTE) containing aggregate or window functions is referenced by other recursive CTEs [#47603](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/47603) [#47711](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/47711)  @[elsa0520](https://github.com/elsa0520)
    - (dup): release-6.5.6.md > Bug fixes> TiDB - Fix the panic issue that might occur when constructing TopN structure for statistics [#35948](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/35948) @[hi-rustin](https://github.com/hi-rustin)
    - (dup): release-6.5.6.md > Bug fixes> TiDB - Fix the issue that the result of `COUNT(INT)` calculated by MPP might be incorrect [#48643](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/48643) @[AilinKid](https://github.com/AilinKid)
    - (dup): release-7.5.0.md > Bug fixes> TiDB - Fix the issue that the chunk cannot be reused when the HashJoin operator performs probe [#48082](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/48082) @[wshwsh12](https://github.com/wshwsh12)

+ TiKV <!-- **tw:@hfxsd** 4 -->

>     - Fix an issue that TiKV may panic after merge if it runs extremely slow. [#16111](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/16111) @[overvenus](https://github.com/overvenus)
>     - Fix an issue that resolved ts may be blocked for 2 hours. [#15520](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/15520) @[overvenus](https://github.com/overvenus)
>     - setting default value of raftstore.evict-cache-on-memory-ratio to 0.1 [#15800](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/15800) @[tonyxuqqi](https://github.com/tonyxuqqi)
>     - Fixed a bug that may cause snapshot restore stuck when BR crashes. [#15684](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/15684) @[YuJuncen](https://github.com/YuJuncen)
>     - Fix an OOM issue that is caused by stale read tracking large transactions. [#14864](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/14864) @[overvenus](https://github.com/overvenus)
>     - Verify checksum right after SST files are generated to avoid corrupted SST being transferred to other TiKVs [#15986](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/15986) @[Connor1996](https://github.com/Connor1996)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that TiKV might panic after Region Merge if it runs extremely slow [#16111](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/16111) @[overvenus](https://github.com/overvenus)
    - Fix the issue that Resolved TS might be blocked for two hours [#15520](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/15520) @[overvenus](https://github.com/overvenus)
    - Fix the issue that TiKV reports the `ServerIsBusy` error because it can not append the raft log [#15800](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/15800) @[tonyxuqqi](https://github.com/tonyxuqqi)
    - Fix the issue that snapshot restore might get stuck when BR crashes [#15684](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/15684) @[YuJuncen](https://github.com/YuJuncen)
    - Fix the issue that Resolved TS in stale read might cause TiKV OOM issues when tracking large transactions [#14864](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/14864) @[overvenus](https://github.com/overvenus)
    - Fix the issue that TiKV might panic when a cluster blocks CRC mismatches [#15986](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/15986) @[Connor1996](https://github.com/Connor1996)
```

    - (dup): release-6.5.6.md > Bug fixes> TiKV - Fix the TiKV OOM issue that occurs when restarting TiKV and there are a large number of Raft logs that are not applied [#15770](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/15770) @[overvenus](https://github.com/overvenus)
    - (dup): release-6.5.6.md > Bug fixes> TiKV - Fix security issues by upgrading the version of `lz4-sys` to 1.9.4  [#15621](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/15621) @[SpadeA-Tang](https://github.com/SpadeA-Tang)
    - (dup): release-6.5.6.md > Bug fixes> TiKV - Fix the issue that `blob-run-mode` in Titan cannot be updated online [#15978](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/15978) @[tonyxuqqi](https://github.com/tonyxuqqi)
    - (dup): release-6.5.4.md > Bug fixes> TiKV - Fix the issue that network interruption between PD and TiKV might cause PITR to get stuck [#15279](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/15279) @[YuJuncen](https://github.com/YuJuncen)
    - (dup): release-6.5.6.md > Bug fixes> TiKV - Fix the issue that TiKV coprocessor might return stale data when removing a Raft peer [#16069](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/16069) @[overvenus](https://github.com/overvenus)

+ PD <!-- **tw:@hfxsd** 4 -->

>     - 修复 resource_manager_resource_unit metric 为空的问题 [#45166](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/45166) @[CabinfeverB](https://github.com/CabinfeverB)
>     - 修复 Calibrate by Workload 页面记录筛选报错的问题 [#48162](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/48162) @[CabinfeverB](https://github.com/CabinfeverB)
>     - 修复 Resource Control 下删除 Resource Group 场景下可能存在破坏 DDL 原子性的问题 [#45050](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/45050) @[glorv](https://github.com/glorv)
>     - 修复 PD Leader 切换且新 Leader 与调用方之间存在网络隔离时，调用方不能正常更新 Leader 信息的问题 [#7416](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/7416) @[CabinfeverB](https://github.com/CabinfeverB)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that the `resource_manager_resource_unit` metric is empty when using `CALIBRATE RESOURCE` in TiDB Dashboard [#45166](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/45166) @[CabinfeverB](https://github.com/CabinfeverB)
    - Fix the issue that record filtering on the Calibrate by Workload page reports an error [#48162](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/48162) @[CabinfeverB](https://github.com/CabinfeverB)
    - Fix the issue that deleting a resource group can damage DDL atomicity [#45050](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/45050) @[glorv](https://github.com/glorv)
    - Fix the issue that when PD leader is transferred and there is a network partition between the new leader and the PD client, the PD client fails to update the information of the leader [#7416](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/7416) @[CabinfeverB](https://github.com/CabinfeverB)
```

+ Tools

    + Backup & Restore (BR) <!-- **tw:@hfxsd** 1 -->

        - (dup): release-6.5.6.md > Bug fixes> Tools> Backup & Restore (BR) - Fix the issue that the default values for BR SQL commands and CLI are different, which might cause OOM issues [#48000](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/48000) @[YuJuncen](https://github.com/YuJuncen)
        - (dup): release-7.5.0.md > Bug fixes> Tools> Backup & Restore (BR) - Fix the issue that the log backup might get stuck in some scenarios when backing up large wide tables [#15714](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/15714) @[YuJuncen](https://github.com/YuJuncen)
        - (dup): release-6.5.6.md > Bug fixes> Tools> Backup & Restore (BR) - Fix the issue that BR generates incorrect URIs for external storage files [#48452](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/48452) @[3AceShowHand](https://github.com/3AceShowHand)
        - (dup): release-6.5.6.md > Bug fixes> Tools> Backup & Restore (BR) - Fix the issue that the retry after an EC2 metadata connection reset cause degraded backup and restore performance [#46750](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/47650) @[Leavrth](https://github.com/Leavrth)

>         - Fixed a bug that may cause log backup started but not work properly if there are connective issue to PD during initializing the task. [#16056](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/16056) @[YuJuncen](https://github.com/YuJuncen)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
        - Fix the issue that log backup task can start but  does not work properly if there are connective issues to PD when initializing the task [#16056](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/issues/16056) @[YuJuncen](https://github.com/YuJuncen)
```

        - (dup): release-6.5.6.md > Bug fixes> Tools> TiCDC - Fix the issue that the TiCDC server might panic when replicating data to an object storage service [#10137](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/10137) @[sdojjy](https://github.com/sdojjy)
        - (dup): release-6.5.6.md > Bug fixes> Tools> TiCDC - Fix the issue that the interval between replicating DDL statements is too long when redo log is enabled [#9960](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/9960) @[CharlesCheung96](https://github.com/CharlesCheung96)
        - (dup): release-7.5.0.md > Bug fixes> Tools> TiCDC - Fix the issue that an owner node gets stuck due to NFS failure when the redo log is enabled [#9886](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/9886) @[3AceShowHand](https://github.com/3AceShowHand)
        - note [#issue](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/${issue-id}) @[贡献者 GitHub ID](https://github.com/${github-id})
        - note [#issue](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/${issue-id}) @[贡献者 GitHub ID](https://github.com/${github-id})

    + TiDB Data Migration (DM) <!-- **tw:@hfxsd** 1 -->

>         - 修复了上游 gtid set 长度过长时，DM 的性能问题 [#9676](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/9676) @[GMHDBJD](https://github.com/GMHDBJD)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
        - Fix the issue of DM performance degradation due to the excessively long length of the upstream GTID [#9676](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/9676) @[GMHDBJD](https://github.com/GMHDBJD)
```

    + TiDB Lightning <!-- **tw:@hfxsd** 2 -->

>         - 添加了由于 PD leader change 导致 `GetTS` 失败的重试 [#45301](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/45301) @[lance6716](https://github.com/lance6716)
>         - 修复了由于 PD leader 被 KILL 或者 PD 请求处理慢导致导入失败的问题 [#46950](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/46950) ，[#48075](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/48075) @[D3Hunter](https://github.com/D3Hunter)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
        - 修复了由于 PD leader 被 KILL 或者 PD 请求处理慢导致导入失败的问题 [#46950](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/46950) ，[#48075](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/48075) @[D3Hunter](https://github.com/D3Hunter)
```
